To create a neural
network out of layers,
you need to put them together.
In a deep network,
you run them one
after the other in
a sequential way.
Let me show you how
you can do this.
Previously, you saw
how to define layers,
and I showed you how the
dense and ReLU layers
performed single steps
of forward propagation.
Now, I'll show you how to define
a serial neural network as
a composition of layers thats
operates in a sequence.
Imagine, a basic neural
network like this one.
You have some dense layers
and activation layers,
and the sequential
arrangements of
those layers is done in tracts,
when you define a serial layer.
You could think of this
new serial layer as
your whole neural network
model in one layer.
Let's summarize what
you just learned.
A serial layer is a composition
of sublayers that operates
sequentially to perform
the forward computation
of your entire model.
Coming up, I'll introduce
some additional layers and
the training procedure.